1.	In which legal forms can an AIF be set up?
2.	Whether an AIF can accept investments from joint investors?  
3.	What is the validity of the certificate of registration of an AIF?
4.	Is an AIF permitted to make an invitation to the public to subscribe to its securities?
5.	Whether Alternative Investment Funds (AIF) registered with SEBI can invest in foreign securities?
overseas investment for SEBI registered AIFs & Venture Capital Funds (VCF) is USD 750 million i.e. all investments made by AIF & VCFs
Prior-approval of SEBI is required for investment; 
Investments of up to 25% of the investible fund of the scheme of the AIF is allowed;
Offshore Venture-Capital Undertaking , which has an Indian Connection
6.	Whether the Liberalised Remittance Scheme (LRS) limit is applicable to AIF?
The investor invests in the domestic fund, which invests in foreign securities and since, AIFs are usually corporates & trusts, therefore, they are not covered under LRS.
7.	Whether AIF can obtain investments from Foreign Investors and NRIs?
8.	Whether a Foreign Investor would get treaty tax benefit if he invests in AIFs?
9.	Can it be said that investment in AIF is more beneficial than Mutual Funds?
10.	Whether it is mandatory to appoint a Custodian?
11.	Whether Category-II is restricted from investing in Listed Companies? 
12.	Whether investments in Commodity Derivatives is allowed?
13.	I want investment for my real estate projects. Can I launch an AIF to raise funds?
14.	Can I create an AIF for making investment in my own entities?
15.	Whether an AIF launch can multiple schemes?
16.	Whether permission of all investors of an Angel Fund mandatory before making investments in an investee company?
17.	Can open-ended schemes be converted into close-ended scheme or vice-versa?
18.	What is the investment threshold for Cat-II AIFs in unlisted securities?
19.	What is the reason for introduction of stewardship code and why is it only mandatory for AIFs making investment in listed companies?
20.	Whether distribution of proceeds in temporary investments be done prior to the deployment of proceeds of original investment?
21.	How does an Angel Fund differ from a general Venture Capital Fund, if they both make investments in Start-ups?
22.	Whether the sponsor & investment management entity of an AIF be the same individual/entity?
23.	Can a foreign entity act as an investment manager of an Indian AIF?
24.	Whether an AIF can consist only of foreign investors?
25.	What is the criteria for being an Investment Manager in an AIF?
26.	Whether there are certain minimum qualifications to be the sponsor of an AIF?
