What amounts are required to be credited in the Fund under section 125 of the Act? 
What  amount should be credited by the Companies to the Fund?
What  is the time period within which a company has to transfer an amount into Unpaid  Dividend Account?
Within  what time the amount lying in the unpaid dividend account have to be  transferred to the Fund?
What  is the manner of depositing/crediting the funds lying in the unpaid dividend  account to the Fund? 
Whether  the amount of interim dividend transferred to Unpaid Dividend Account which  remains unpaid or unclaimed for seven years is also to be transferred to the  Fund?
What  are the compliance requirements with respect to unpaid/unclaimed dividend?
What new filing requirements have been introduced under IEPF Rules, 2016?
Which shares are required to be transferred to the Fund?
Shareholder ‘A’ has purchased 1000 equity shares in year 2007 and on which dividend has been unpaid or unclaimed for a period of seven consecutive years or more. In Jan 2016, ‘A’ has again purchased 500 equity shares of the same company. After coming into force of IEPF Rules, 2016 , how many shares held by ‘A’ shall be transferred in year 2016 to the Fund?
What procedure is to be followed for effecting the transfer of shares under sec 124 (6) of the of the Act?
Whether  the shares on which dividend has been unpaid or unclaimed for more than seven  years on or before the coming into force of IEPF Rules 2016, are required to be  transferred to the Fund?
What  does the proviso to rule 6(3)(a) of IEPF Rules 2016 i.e.  “Provided that in cases, where the seven years  as provided under sub-section (5) of section 124 have been completed or are  being completed within three months from the date of coming into force of these  rules, the company shall initiate the aforesaid procedure immediately and  transfer the shares on completion of three months” means?
What  immediate action is required to be taken by the Companies in respect of shares  which are required to be transferred to the Fund?
What  action should companies take from next year on regular basis for transferring  the shares to the fund?
Whether  a shareholder whose shares have been transferred to fund, can claim the  dividend for such shares which is still lying in the unpaid dividend account of  a company?
What  is the due date to transfer the shares under 124(6) to the Fund?
Whether  on transfer of shares, the voting rights on such shares shall also stand  transferred to the Fund?
Is  the Company required to pay stamp duty on transfer of shares to the Fund? 
What  happens to the shares or securities transferred to the IEPF suspense account,  in case of delisting or wounding-up?
What disclosures are requirement to  be published on the website of the company or any other website, as per the  IEPF Rules 2016? 
What  will be the course of action where a Company declares dividend on the shares  which have already been transferred to the Fund? 
How  can a person entitled to the amount/shares credited to the Fund, claim the same  from the Fund?
